Update scdeny plugin documentation for deprecation (#40166)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers.md

### SecurityContextDeny {#securitycontextdeny}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.27" state="deprecated" >}}

{{< caution >}}

> This admission controller plugin is deprecated and disabled by default via the
> `SecurityContextDeny` feature gate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The Kubernetes project recommends that you do not use the `SecurityContextDeny` admission controller.**

This admission controller plugin is deprecated and disabled by default. If you wish to enable it,
you must specifically enable the`SecurityContextDeny` feature gate as well as enabling this admission controller.
```

> Note that the plugin is outdated and incomplete, it may be unusable or not do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SecurityContextDeny admission plugin is deprecated because it was outdated and incomplete;
it may be unusable or not do
```

> what you would expect. It was originally designed to prevent the use of some,
> but not all, security-sensitive fields. Indeed, fields like `privileged`, were
> not filtered at creation and the plugin was not updated with the most recent
> fields, and new APIs like the `ephemeralContainers` field for a Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
what you would expect. As implemented, this plugin was able to restrict only some
specific security-sensitive parts of the Pod API.

To illustrate how large the gaps are, two examples:
1. the plugin has never restricted use of the `privileged` field for Pods
2. when the `ephemeralContainers` field (for Pods) was introduced, SecurityContextDeny
   was not updated to account for the new behavior.
```

### SecurityContextDeny {#securitycontextdeny}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.27" state="deprecated" >}}

{{< caution >}}
The Kubernetes project recommends that you **do not use** the

> `SecurityContextDeny` admission controller.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention it is going to get removed in a future version of the project?

Author: Thanks for the review, I added this mention, please feel free to `/lgtm` since pushing removed the label.

Author: Added here https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/40166/files#diff-0e59d6cfd3e5333b3a5effab53d20c05b86016ccda4bc12a37077304924b523eR746

### SecurityContextDeny {#securitycontextdeny}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.27" state="deprecated" >}}

{{< caution >}}
The Kubernetes project recommends that you **do not use** the
`SecurityContextDeny` admission controller.

The `SecurityContextDeny` admission controller plugin is deprecated and disabled

> by default. It will be removed in a future version. If you choose to enable the

Reviewer: I want to check that this is a valid exception to https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-statements-about-the-future

My thought-experiment test is: if I rounded up select people from SIG Architecture and the relevant SIG, would they clearly confirm that we are unconditionally going to do that removal?

I think the answer here is Yes, but would like to check.

Author: Doesn't https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/111516 confirm that we want to remove this unconditionally? I can remove that statement if needed, it was just to address stalz feedback.

Reviewer: (it's a bit stronger than “want to”; my test is “promise to remember to”)

### SecurityContextDeny {#securitycontextdeny}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.27" state="deprecated" >}}

{{< caution >}}
The Kubernetes project recommends that you **do not use** the
`SecurityContextDeny` admission controller.

> This admission controller plugin is deprecated and disabled by default. If you

Reviewer 3: nit: replace `This` with
The `SecurityContextDeny` admission controller plugin is ...

Can you link to more information about this plugin?

Author: I replaced this with an explicit name.

You can find a link with a bit more info down:
> For more historical context on this plugin, see [The birth of PodSecurityPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2022/08/23/podsecuritypolicy-the-historical-context/#the-birth-of-podsecuritypolicy) from the Kubernetes blog article about PodSecurityPolicy and its removal. The article details the PodSecurityPolicy historical context and the birth of the securityContext field for Pods.

We don't have much more documentation about this.

wish to enable it, you must specifically enable the`SecurityContextDeny` feature

> gate as well as enabling this admission controller.

Reviewer 3: If you choose to enable the `SecurityContextDeny` admission controller, you must enable the `SecurityContextDeny` feature gate ...

Author: I took into account your comment just avoiding the repetition.

> The SecurityContextDeny admission plugin is deprecated because it was outdated

Reviewer 3: You could probably remove the sentence that starts with:
The SecurityContextDeny admission plugin is deprecated because it was outdated
or condense with the list of examples.

The SecurityContextDeny admission plugin is unable to restrict all security-sensitive attributes of the Pod API. For example, the `privileged` and `ephemeralContainers` ...

Author: I condensed the list of examples but kept the sentence.
